.TH sha256 "8" "July 2016" "sha256" "DB2 User Defined Function and Stored Procedure"
.SH NAME
sha256 \- DB2 UDF and SP to generate an SHA256 hash
.SH SYNOPSIS
>>-SHA256--(--expression--)------------------------------------><
.PP
>>-SHA256--(--expression--,--hash--)---------------------------><
.SH DESCRIPTION
SHA256 algorithm. The sha256 routine returns a glibc2's crypt hash. If the system's crypt does not support sha-256,
an SQLSTATE 39702 is returned.
.PP
The argument can be a character string that is either a CHAR or VARCHAR not exceeding 4096 bytes.
.PP
The result of the function is CHAR(55). The result can be null; if the argument is null, the result is the null value.
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBExample 1:\fR

.br
Inserting the user \fItest\fR and the sha256 crypted clear text \fItestpwd\fR to the table \fIusers\fR.
.PP
.nf
INSERT INTO USERS (username, password)
  VALUES ('test', sha256('testpwd'))
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 2:\fR

.br
.nf
SELECT sha256('testpwd') FROM SYSIBM.SYSDUMMY1

1
-------------------------------------------------------
$5$S.LqPR7Z$273zPncMdmJ0dE1WdLldWVBmaHSDUDl8/tW8At8Hc0A

  1 record(s) selected.
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 3:\fR

.br
.nf
CALL sha256('testpwd', ?)

  Value of output parameters
  --------------------------
  Parameter Name  : HASH
  Parameter Value : $5$vSDCZr2d$rfh.aDopE5l3lm26AwwcIYnuVdV7/9QBACWukqYyV3/

  Return Status = 0
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Helmut K. C. Tessarek.
.SH "BUGS"
Hopefully none :-) But if you find one, please report it at:
.br
https://github.com/tessus/db2-hash-routines/issues
.SH "WEB SITE"
http://tessus.github.io/db2-hash-routines
