.TH sha512 "8" "July 2016" "sha512" "DB2 User Defined Function and Stored Procedure"
.SH NAME
sha512 \- DB2 UDF and SP to generate an SHA512 hash
.SH SYNOPSIS
>>-SHA512--(--expression--)------------------------------------><
.PP
>>-SHA512--(--expression--,--hash--)---------------------------><
.SH DESCRIPTION
SHA512 algorithm. The sha512 routine returns a glibc2's crypt hash. If the system's crypt does not support sha-512,
an SQLSTATE 39702 is returned.
.PP
The argument can be a character string that is either a CHAR or VARCHAR not exceeding 4096 bytes.
.PP
The result of the function is CHAR(98). The result can be null; if the argument is null, the result is the null value.
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBExample 1:\fR

.br
Inserting the user \fItest\fR and the sha512 crypted clear text \fItestpwd\fR to the table \fIusers\fR.
.PP
.nf
INSERT INTO USERS (username, password)
  VALUES ('test', sha512('testpwd'))
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 2:\fR

.br
.nf
SELECT sha512('testpwd') FROM SYSIBM.SYSDUMMY1

1
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$6$cD33haq7$dl.RqEaLamlesTPVzSIQr4N1MY3BsVZ76VS8qNte0IOIWO2XorMg8U797KKOFGmX8dJhT3WuF6p17HmvvoQ6Q/

  1 record(s) selected.
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 3:\fR

.br
.nf
CALL sha512('testpwd', ?)

  Value of output parameters
  --------------------------
  Parameter Name  : HASH
  Parameter Value : $6$1W.m9JN1$Dh.VPl7vy.igGaeDUdDWw6ZlD0xufwDWm0ukpOYknPtdjxiSM2yzWBkzHffalb/2axNHPqEi9UUzXUbSm4LGa/

  Return Status = 0
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Helmut K. C. Tessarek.
.SH "BUGS"
Hopefully none :-) But if you find one, please report it at:
.br
https://github.com/tessus/db2-hash-routines/issues
.SH "WEB SITE"
http://tessus.github.io/db2-hash-routines
