.TH validate_pw "8" "June 2015" "validate_pw" "DB2 User Defined Function and Stored Procedure"
.SH NAME
validate_pw \- DB2 UDF and SP to validate a password against a hash
.SH SYNOPSIS
>>-VALIDATE_PW--(--password--,--hash--)------------------------><
.PP
>>-VALIDATE_PW--(--password--,--hash--,--is_valid--)-----------><
.SH DESCRIPTION
This routine can be used to validate a password against a hash.
.PP
The two input arguments can be character strings that are either a CHAR or VARCHAR not exceeding 4096 bytes (password) and 120 bytes (hash). The second parameter (hash) must not be empty, otherwise an SQLSTATE 39701 is returned.
.PP
The result of the routine is an INTEGER. If the password is valid, 1 is returned. If the password is not valid, 0 is returned. The result can be null; if the argument is null, the result is the null value.
.SH EXAMPLES
\fBExample 1:\fR

.br
Validating the password \fItestpwd\fR against the crypt hash \fIcqs7uOvz8KBlk\fR.
.PP
.nf
SELECT validate_pw('testpwd', 'cqs7uOvz8KBlk') FROM SYSIBM.SYSDUMMY1"

1
-----------
          1

  1 record(s) selected.
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 2:\fR

.br
.nf
CALL validate_pw('testpwd', 'cqs7uOvz8KBlk', ?)

  Value of output parameters
  --------------------------
  Parameter Name  : IS_VALID
  Parameter Value : 1

  Return Status = 0
.fi
.PP
\fBExample 3:\fR

.br
.nf
CALL validate_pw('testpwd', '0123456789abcdef', ?)

  Value of output parameters
  --------------------------
  Parameter Name  : IS_VALID
  Parameter Value : 0

  Return Status = 0
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Helmut K. C. Tessarek.
.SH "BUGS"
Hopefully none :-) But if you find one, please report it at:
.br
https://github.com/tessus/db2-hash-routines/issues
.SH "WEB SITE"
http://tessus.github.io/db2-hash-routines
